things I like to dio What I'm leading by example is the first thing I
want to do is, uh, transparency, eso everything. I dio make sure that
I'm communicating. Another thing I wanna make sure that I do is that
I lied in my time. My time management. I wanna be the first one there
before Everybody else I wanna be the last one. I wanna be a dependable
And so when there is discussion about what their expectations
are, they can look to me and see that I'm modeling exactly what I
say. I'm gonna dio. Also I wanted, as I'm leading by example is is pushed
out the fact that it's okay to fail. Um, so when I make mistakes
as a leader, I wanna be the first one to step up and to admit to
that and show that it happens and that we can move past it and you could
still be effective by taking chances and by making mistakes